# Holy Family Parish Church Event Reservation App in Brgy. Bolo, Bauan, Batangas

# Project Description

<p align="justify">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Holy Family Parish is a roman catholic church located in balintawak street, brgy. bolo, bauan, batangas which are currently experiencing numerous in-person event reservations such as infant and adult baptism, first holy communion, confirmation, confession, marriage, other milestones like birthday, wedding anniversary and funeral ceremony. With their traditional manual method, the process of reserving an event in-person is very time-consuming. These significant challenges can easily be solved by utilizing modern technology.  
<p align="justify">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Holy Family Parish app is a mobile web application as event reservation platform that allows the user to reserve for a certain event at the church. Also, to organize and manage schedule of events while providing security and accuracy of information for all the user. The ultimate goal is to bridge the gap through a mobile web application by enhancing their current church operations to accommodate the needs of the congregation including numerous event reservations and other services.
<p align="justify">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; This project will be based on Sustainable Development Goal (SDG) 17, “Partnerships for the Goals”, which calls for a global partnership for sustainable development. Furthermore, SDG 17 emphasises the importance of access to science, technology and innovation, in particular internet-based information and communications technology. The project seeks to contribute to the achievement of SDG 17 by developing a mobile web application that is user-friendly, accurate and efficient to enhance and streamline the church operations by providing them with an easy and convenient way to access the church’s services virtually.
